complete Go session verification examples with cookie support (#2451)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/go/verifying-sessions.mdx

Clerk Go SDK provides a set of functions for decoding and verifying JWTs, as well as fetching JSON Web Keys. It is recommended to cache your JSON Web Key and invalidate the cache only when a replacement key is generated.

> ### Retrieve the session token
> 
> Before verifying a session token, you need to retrieve it from the request. Session tokens can be found in two places depending on your architecture:
> 
> - **Authorization header** - For cross-origin requests, the token is typically sent as a Bearer token in the `Authorization` header
> - **`__session` cookie** - For same-origin requests, the token is stored in a cookie named `__session`
> 
> For more information about session token retrieval, see the [Manual JWT verification guide](/docs/backend-requests/manual-jwt#retrieve-the-session-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before verifying a session token, you need to retrieve it from the request. Session tokens can be found in two places depending on your architecture:

- **Authorization header** - For cross-origin requests, the token is typically sent as a Bearer token in the `Authorization` header
- **`__session` cookie** - For same-origin requests, the token is stored in a cookie named `__session`

For more information about session token retrieval, see the [Manual JWT verification guide](/docs/backend-requests/manual-jwt#retrieve-the-session-token).
```

	"strings"

	"github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2"
	"github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2/jwks"
	"github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2/jwt"
	"github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2/user"
)

func main() {

> 	clerk.SetKey("{{secret}}")

Reviewer: This line is missing in the last code snippet for things to work

	w.Write([]byte(`{"access": "public"}`))
}

func protectedRoute(jwksClient *jwks.Client) func(http.ResponseWriter, *http.Request) {
	return func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {

> 		// Get the session JWT from the Authorization header or cookie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Get the session JWT from the Authorization header or __session cookie
```

		sessionToken := getSessionToken(r)
		if sessionToken == "" {
			w.WriteHeader(http.StatusUnauthorized)
			w.Write([]byte(`{"access": "unauthorized"}`))
			return
		}

> 		// Decode the session JWT so that we can find the key ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Decode the session JWT to find the key ID
```

Reviewer: Could you please apply that change to the last snippet of code as well?

func protectedRoute(jwksClient *jwks.Client, store JWKStore) func(http.ResponseWriter, *http.Request) {
	return func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {

> 		// Get the session JWT from the Authorization header or cookie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Get the session JWT from the Authorization header or __session cookie
```
